Another low pressure system will bring gusty winds today but the    winds are not expected to be as strong compared to Monday`s storm.    Temperatures will be well below average into the start of the    weekend, with light rain and high elevation snow showers also    possible through Thursday afternoon. Dry conditions return for the    weekend with a warming trend, then breezy winds by Sunday.       &&      .DISCUSSION...      It`s that time of the year for weather variability! Gotta love    the transition seasons. Here`s an overview of what to plan for    over the next week or so: colder than usual temperatures, some    breezy conditions, rain and high elevation snow showers and even    the slightest bit of potential for light snow showers to valley    floors by early next week. Yea, I know, it`s September.       Rest of Today: The cold front is tracking through the US 395    corridor with breezy conditions ahead of and along the front    (gusts around 40 mph) and also some rain and high elevation snow    showers. This will be similar to the front a couple of days ago,    but with less on the windy side of things. Choppy lake conditions    are expected with Lake Wind Advisories in effect for both Tahoe    and Pyramid lakes. There will likely be some light snow    accumulations for locations around 8000 feet and higher. Wet roads   will be slick, so remember to slow down in rain and snow. High-    res simulations are also showing the potential for some    thunderstorms late this afternoon/evening for areas north of    Susanville and Pyramid Lake too. Rainfall amounts around 0.25"    will be possible, with locally up to 0.50" in heavier bands.    Elsewhere, rainfall amounts will be lighter, with generally 0.10"    around the Tahoe basin and near the Sierra crest, and only trace    amounts to a few hundredths across the remainder of western Nevada   and Mono County away from the crest.       Thursday: Brisk northerly flow will prevail behind the front as well    as the potential for showers across much of western Nevada along    with some upslope showers from the Tahoe Basin southward. Well    below normal temperatures with 60s across western Nevada and mid    to upper 50s for Sierra valleys.      Friday and Saturday: Drier and slightly warmer conditions are    forecast as brief ridging establishes across the region. Highs    increase back to the low 70s for western Nevada valleys and mid    60s for Sierra valleys.       Sunday into early next week: The threat of precipitation returns for    Sunday night into Monday as another trough approaches the area. The    trough tracks southeastward Sunday night into Monday across the    Great Basin. While the exact track and depth of the trough may    change, there are widespread chances for showers for now, with the    best chances north of Susanville and Lovelock. Temperatures will    also remain cooler during this time. There remains a bit of    uncertainty with the remainder of next week as simulations are    struggling with how to handle the exit of the trough. Simulations    are attempting to build up the eastern Pacific ridge, so we will see    how that influences the storm track and precipitation chances    through the end of next week. -Edan       &&      .AVIATION...      A cold front will move across northeastern CA and western NV this   afternoon, which will spread -SHRA across the region through    Thursday afternoon. Some isolated thunderstorms are also possible    north of Interstate 80 this afternoon. Moderate rainfall and    erratic winds are possible within any showers, which could reduce    visibility and cause mountain obscurations.       Light-to-moderate icing conditions are also possible within/near any    showers along the Sierra Nevada. Mountain wave induced turbulence    and LLWS are also possible near and east of the Sierra Nevada this    afternoon through 06Z as the front progresses southeastward across    NV.      Expect conditions to improve Friday through Saturday, before another    weather system affects the region Sunday. -Johnston      &&      .REV Watches/Warnings/Advisories...   NV...Lake Wind Advisory until 8 PM PDT this evening for Pyramid Lake         in NVZ004.           Lake Wind Advisory until 8 PM PDT this evening for Lake Tahoe in         NVZ002.      CA...Lake Wind Advisory until 8 PM PDT this evening for Lake Tahoe in         CAZ072.      && 